README.md, before:

# Lake LA Baptist Church Website

This repository contains the static website for Lake LA Baptist Church. Pages are written in vanilla HTML and styled with TailwindCSS via the CDN along with a small custom stylesheet in `assets/css/main.css` and JavaScript helpers in `assets/js/main.js`.

## Structure

- Core pages live in the project root (`index.html`, `mission.html`, `beliefs.html`, `sermons.html`, `serve.html`, `connect.html`, `visit.html`, `leadership.html`, `about.html`, and `food-ministry.html`).
- Shared navigation, footer, and utility scripts are kept consistent across the site.
- Images, styles, and scripts are located in the `assets/` directory.

## Local Preview

Because the site is static, you can open any HTML file directly in a browser. For a closer production match, serve the directory with a simple HTTP server:

```bash
python3 -m http.server
```

Then visit `http://localhost:8000` in your browser.

## Editing Tips

- Update service times, address, and contact details from the source of truth before publishing changes.
- When adding new pages, copy an existing file to keep the navigation, footer, and script includes consistent.
- Use the privacy-friendly YouTube `nocookie` embeds and the existing playlists/channel links when embedding videos.

Commit message:

Update site branding and inclusive content for Church of Our Savior MCC

README.md, after:

# Church of Our Savior MCC Website

This repository contains the static website for Church of Our Savior MCC, an open and affirming Christian church in Boynton Beach, Florida. Pages are written in vanilla HTML and styled with TailwindCSS via the CDN along with a small custom stylesheet in `assets/css/main.css` and JavaScript helpers in `assets/js/main.js`.

## Getting Started

Open any of the HTML files in your browser or use a simple HTTP server for local development. For example:

```bash
python3 -m http.server
```

Then visit `http://localhost:8000/index.html` to preview the site.

## Key Pages

- `index.html` – Home page with service information and featured ministries.
- `about.html` – Story, values, and MCC affiliation.
- `mission.html` – Worship &amp; ministries overview.
- `beliefs.html` – Stained glass gallery and stories.
- `sermons.html` – Messages, livestream archive, and resources.
- `serve.html` – Giving information.
- `visit.html` – Plan your visit and contact form.

## Assets

Custom styles and scripts live under `assets/`:

- `assets/css/main.css` – Additional styling helpers.
- `assets/js/main.js` – Navigation toggles and utilities.

## Notes

Comments marked `<!-- VERIFY WITH CHURCH: ... -->` indicate details that should be confirmed with the Church of Our Savior MCC leadership before publishing.
